I wonder of this report BAM I read I'm
telling y'all did we do we lied
we lied about where's my weed part two
so don't think I'm gonna sit here watch
some tell them we lied we landed my way
my way part two we got no part to it you
know it you know forward it why not I
mean we know start this to the game boo
boo
Tamura little children it that is him
yeah I promise you I'm bigger deal man
put my phone
eggs now add unless nicotine until
chicken walks like a week Batman when I
tipped in a sheet
there are we a deep characters never Oh
he's never gotta put your brake you
camera on to beat the other day
Oh
we got the migraine though
to
Bow Wow y'all look good
Nellie's y'all look good look at my
fucking yard
fuck my shit kinda do get BAM come out
is she
fuck you
but the neighbor
[Music]
[Applause]
Hey
motherfucking weed Danny I told you
don't you touch my mother
thank you wait till dark me what do you
tell a living sorry I had to beat your
motherfuckin hands my dear boy black a
specific fucking order Gugu not to
change my seat that horn man you'll not
be trying it wants your man so
disappointing you boy doesn't talk to me
for a fucking way
c2fo ready no Mike c2fo days I'm talking
you bought fucking way
yeah and I think that he told you today
I feel like ooh I don't know man that I
would stare cool nigga what what you
heard me I make myself clear
top-end attention
[Music]
don't
how the fuck you doin penis that I let
you see her forgive me man oh man oh
fuck where the name I need a vamp see
what don't fuckin know what the fuck
around you keep on this there we go
Patrick over I go I made brownies Yazzie
butter bacon cheese
nigga spell something else my niggas
spam something else and I promise you
big booty man I must make this shit out
you beat stab something else
[Music]
fuck you you going are you going now
dead body give your eyes I'm not your
motherfucking head Nick
so all do you need me don't want any
clue that can we